1. This product is everything I could have hoped and more. I put it on to go to sleep (high heat, 25 minute timer) and then I fall asleep. At some point I take it off and when I wake up again around 3/4am I put it on again (high heat, 25 min timer). Feels great and helps me go back to sleep. Extremely helpful for my dry eye condition

2.This product is much better than the masks that you heat in the microwave. The heat stay consistent for the time you set: 20, 40 or 60 minutes. The mask fits right over your eye, placing the heat right on your lids. I always fall asleep while using, so it's good that it shuts off automatically.I had a problem with the mask after 6 months of use, and customer service was excellent, replacing the mask within days. I highly recommend.

3.This USB eye mask is just what I needed. I have pretty severe dry eye syndrome and have tried many options. One thing I’m stuck with is using a heat source on my eyes twice a day and I’ve been doing this at least for the last 6yrs. I’ve always had the microwave bead eye mask though and this is a huge game changer. Love it!! It’s so much nicer not to run to the microwave and this keeps the heat at an even temp for as long as I want. I can’t say I’ll ever be cured but this is the best thing ever for my convenience and continued treatment!! Highly recommend. Worth the money!

4.I am really satisfied with the functionality of this mask. It is comfortable and easy to use. You can setup a timer and regulate the temperature to low, medium or high and it stays warm during the whole time you setup it for, it is so much better than the microwaveable ones.

5.I order this based on the recommendation of a heated mask from my eye doctor. The heat element is spot on and love that there is a time setting. However, what I love most is the "weighted" feel. It is not super heavy on the eyes but it is not flimsy either, so it is very soothing, similar to a weighted blanket. I have slept so well with this mask...must have!

6.My experience has been a significant improvement in conditions (I’ve ordered a 2nd for home & office). Using approx. 1-2x/day for 8 weeks after moderate blepharitis/dry eye diagnosis. Initially used 20 minutes per session for several weeks and now about 5-10min/session. My need for lubricant drops and minor dry eye symptoms noticeably improved within just a few days.

7.What a wonderful little "heating pad" for my dry eye balls! I had relief on my 1st use and even some moisture within 10 minutes on low. Wow! I'm impressed!! Way better than the rice packs I was using. Wish I bought one sooner.If you suffer from any kind of chronic dry eyes or allergies..Buy it! Your eyes will Thank u!

8.Such a good helpful product. Heats up immediately and really good for Chalazions and Blepharitis. The initial product ended up stop working after a month however, julie from the company’s customer service instantly sent me a new one. Also has extended warranty included.

